let's turn up with your shiny how to do
the different pocket square things with
them start out you just drape it over
and make sure that the points match four
and a half once for it in half again and
one last time and then you wind up with
this nice straight edge stuff it into
your pocket if can bulge out just a
little bit just because the ties so take
what you wind up with a pretty legit
looking straight edge full and then they
other way that you can do it is right
before your last fold in half here you
just take at the center here flip the
skinny part backwards and then fold it
in half
and what that does is it make sure that
each of these sides are facing the same
way and then just adjust it a little bit
forward in half again stuff it in your
pocket and you get it a 2.94 that works
with it pretty much anytime the skinny
or the material that they use to make it
the better just because it will fit in
nicer but in the end one go with
faster
to your point mountain-fold that with
just a little bit of a dusting can look
like ice with this type just because
it's old it's not wanting to fit in
there right but pretty much wound up was
a 2-point mountain fold it worked very
well
oh and for the bowtie it's complicated
but you start out with it but just a
little bit above your belly button for
the tip here like he says four buttons
down drape the skinny part it doesn't
for me it doesn't matter which side you
start on in my opinion it just take a
skinny side drape it over the fat one
and pull it up find everything
pull it tight and step one just take
this throw it over your shoulder because
you won't need it for a while and then
what I like to do is you take the two
sides of this on the point of the five
side and bring them into the center so
what you wind up with is a basically it
winds up looking like the skinny side of
your type and you fold that over the
back and not just make sure you get a
little bit of the curve of the bow that
typically a bow tie would have and you
also make sure that if you don't do that
typically what you wind up with is some
with the tie it sticking out behind
everything else when you crimp it which
drives me nuts so you just take the two
sides pull them to the center and fold
that back
and just like he shows in the video you
just will pop that up to get you your
act from the start of the bow shape and
that's basically the hardest been typing
in the hardest part the other thing I
did is an addition to it is your bending
at the top part down to the center and
the same thing on the bottom you just
pull them both up towards the center and
that starts to get you you're a little
bit of a bow crimp and just addressed it
a little bit so then you wind up with
actual bow tie shape take this part down
the skinny side just drape it down flat
from the top straight over and pull it
up behind everything so you wind up with
it right back where it started pretty
much and that's your bow shape and just
like he says in the video you pull the
sides in and there's this part here that
the skinny side made before a little
loop you just pull the skinny side
through there again and what that does
is lets you tighten it becomes the
bottom and it is what moves the tail
won't pull the top end actually tighten
up what you've already made tighten it
up pretty nicely and just adjust a
little bit
and then you wind up with a fairly legit
looking boat I took the skinny side back
in there and you're done pretty simple I
said it looks fairly legit it's not
perfect but I mean compared to based on
the fact that it's made with a legit
tack it works very well